Short Description :
    
     Bouncing Box is casual game but fun to play game of 2018 and 2019. Bouncing Box is the latest physics based game in which you need
     reach the finish line. There are many obstacle in your way but you need to save yourself from them.
     Contains very difficult level which are not so much easy so it is fun to play. Bouncing Box as name 
     suggest that there is a box which can bounce on other object. This game have gameplay like ketchupp
    games , easy to play but fun to play.


Long description:

    Bouncing Box is the new hyper casual physics based game. It can be play with one hand with very less
    effort. When you start your journey , at first you find it simple game but as you go upward its speed 
    increases and it becomes difficult to survive. As you move the colour of background gradually changes
    which is nice effect.In the game there is lot of obstacle like balls , enemy stars and rotating wheels and 
    many more. You need to collect more gems to clear level with more stars.sometimes it becomes the 
    hardest game because of its difficult level design.The game needs concentration and attention to 
    overcome the levels.
    It is best game of 2018 and 2019 , play and enjoy.

    Controls :
                   This game is easy to play you can even play it with one hand.
                    Tap middle of the screen to bounce upward.
                     Tap right of the screen to move right.
                     Tap left of the screen to move left.
    Feature:
                  The game based on real world physics so when you start your adventure avoid other obstacle.
                   It is free game with some adds.
                   It contain good graphics with nice sound.
                   It contains ultimate game level.
                   It will be updated regularly.
     Rate this game and support as to grow our team. 
     If you have any querry you can email on   dewadanitesh@gmail.com
     contact us on www.dreamcasual.com

org.godotengine.$genname


-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEAs6eYXLJVUzqazLDVPkrZ7JjY8YX/xOke0DdG4fkPiVW3SK9Fy66YQBMwiK6j9ETQ5Llgy+BL2FCO4xsTqjG9C6t7ypmuGWkyb2YmcCGt0+JBvLK9UMhx3jDCG8sN0d+OMMiyWhBvz4o+BPF8bAj/oaZvo0BIqqyQ8e4ME/rYy8h9xjbONsZw/VGgCWSAjRJluua8r7YndG11Mx7v98nfre9CsciliXJvyk0UOnegY5Eb3uQCgKKaRwmw3UVRCipsmEVuJKJg6qj8uiNxBZobVMtpF2l3oVbnyiv7NgTBAfuzIAme+thwRUcOkPk0N0g65nrorEjrTkzyVTx5FUJcoQIDAQAB-----END PUBLIC KEY-----